how to turn your smartphone into a
homemade 3d hologram
pingping to start putting together our
3d hologram we will need these
simple articles that you will find
under your bed graph paper one
box of cid and adhesive tape down
scissors a smartphone razor a ruler
to measure and a cuticle well for
start let's create a mold with the
squared sheet and a rule like I do not
I have a rule to use the card of the
bank where I keep all the savings of
my life the measurements are in base 6
centimeters in height 3.5 centimeters
and the top part one centimeter already
that we have our mold to now
we will move to remove the stage to the box
of the cde and we will remove the edges
be very careful not to break the
beggar because if they are not going to have
to look for another stage now with the mold
what we did previously with the sheet
we went to mark the figure on the cover
of the cde and then with the cutter
the knife was cut to cut but
be very careful not to cut yourself
fingers because if not then they can not
scratch your nose this we're going to cut
four times the same figure and goes to
to stay more or less like this we now go to
paste the four figures that we cut into
the cid box and can use
adhesive glue or tape me
I will use tape because I do not know how
remove the glue from the glue has to
be armed a pyramid like this if
So I stay and you did wey
now in following step we uncover the
cuticle and we give you a drink in the
description I leave the link to a
video that you can use to project
the picture to your 3d hologram ending
to create they put the pyramid in the middle of the mouth
down and you're done
now you just need to give him the web
and this was all
thanks for watching and see you soon
chao peppers